The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
We need to rent a room for our party.
He stomped on his fruit loops and thus became a cereal killer.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
She did a happy dance because all of the socks from the dryer matched.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
He colored deep space a soft yellow.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
That was how he came to win $1 million.
Nobody loves a pig wearing lipstick.
Nobody has encountered an explosive daisy and lived to tell the tale.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
He was disappointed when he found the beach to be so sandy and the sun so sunny.
There's a message for you if you look up.
The beauty of the African sunset disguised the danger lurking nearby.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
Mary plays the piano.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
The pizza smells delicious.
She lived on Monkey Jungle Road and that seemed to explain all of her strangeness.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
The book is in front of the table.
He wondered if it could be called a beach if there was no sand.
The minute she landed she understood the reason this was a fly-over state.
It dawned on her that others could make her happier, but only she could make herself happy.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
There's a reason that roses have thorns.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
Her hair was windswept as she rode in the black convertible.
The frog jumped and landed in the pond.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
Pink horses galloped across the sea.
He didn't understand why the bird wanted to ride the bicycle.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
The waitress was not amused when he ordered green eggs and ham.
Brad came to dinner with us.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
Nothing beats a complete sentence.
Joyce enjoyed eating pancakes with ketchup.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
After exploring the abandoned building, he started to believe in ghosts.
I'm confused: when people ask me what's up, and I point, they groan.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
I like to leave work after my eight-hour tea-break.
The tour bus was packed with teenage girls heading toward their next adventure.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Two seats were vacant.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
He quietly entered the museum as the super bowl started.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
She wore green lipstick like a fashion icon.
I met an interesting turtle while the song on the radio blasted away.
She advised him to come back at once.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
The father died during childbirth.
Love is not like pizza.
In that instant
He was sure the Devil created red sparkly glitter.
He hated that he loved what she hated about hate.
They were excited to see their first sloth.
Smoky the Bear secretly started the fires.
Dan ate the clouds like cotton candy.
She says she has the ability to hear the soundtrack of your life.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
Everyone was curious about the large white blimp that appeared overnight.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
The thunderous roar of the jet overhead confirmed her worst fears.
As he looked out the window, he saw a clown walk by.
She cried diamonds.
She had some amazing news to share but nobody to share it with.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
Of all the places to travel, Mexico is at the top of my list.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
The near-death experience brought new ideas to light.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
She did her best to help him.
There is so much to understand.
Her daily goal was to improve on yesterday.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
We have a lot of rain in June.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
I like going out to parties with friends or watching TV.
A kangaroo is really just a rabbit on steroids.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
It was always dangerous to drive with him since he insisted the safety cones were a slalom course.
He excelled at firing people nicely.
The newly planted trees were held up by wooden frames in hopes they could survive the next storm.
In the end, we all felt like we ate too much.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
Brad came to dinner with us.
Mrs Miller wants the entire house repainted.
Never underestimate the willingness of the greedy to throw you under the bus.
The sign said road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
He learned the hardest lesson of his life and had the scars
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
It turns out you don't need all that stuff you insisted you did.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
The stranger officiates the meal.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
He wore the surgical mask in public not to keep from catching a virus, but to keep people away from him.
Shakespeare was a famous 17th-century diesel mechanic.
Bill ran from the giraffe toward the dolphin.
You're good at English when you know the difference between a man eating chicken and a man-eating chicken.
In the end
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
The fish listened intently to what the frogs had to say.
Oh, how I'd love to go!